Oh
and well hi friends is that more
today we find ourselves for a
new video for episode 4 of my
series buying resale for dummies so
here's last week there was
no episode simply because there he
there was there totti necessarily who says
dippach opening tools and that is for
that they had no episode of
this series there but do not worry
far from being over since my goal
it's to help you make the purchase
resale by giving you my advice that
I hope to help you
just passing there for the four
oars is rodrigues rodriguez that makes
three four months that are stuck in
my exchange pile
I can not do anything like that
already contacted there is they tell me
to wait for the two days after they
say it's good finally we're going
not to argue about it does not matter
I'm talking place after but it was
it's just for those who have asked me
question serves to put the gases are
blocked I can not do anything
so here is today episode 4
friends so episode 4 we'll say
that it is rather specialized for
players who do not have a lot of credit
that's why I did not select
badly of players because I was asked
to make a list etc
so here I selected players
who leave very very well for the purchase
resale
so I'm going to give you a few
techniques must be used on these players
there so be for the first technique
you use the leaked technique
millionaire so we have the technique that
everyone knows you are you
buy a player you put them more
dear we'll say you buy a bar at
1700 you put at 2700 it's not
inevitably good customers like that
and you try to restart it on
maximum of times must restart each
every hour, it is necessary to
at some point your see not go away and
you are going to make credits or so
so that's the first
technique or so the second technique
so during this time I do a little
pass the players so there you
were able by hal that pulled Goddyn stung I
do not have everything I wanted to say you have
eyes to look small
breaks like that you'll see that one day
I advise you friends so the
second technique this is the tech have
more so it's a technique that have to
to say that our skates are going to say to ride
we'll say that like that
so what is that what
it's this technique so it has the
technique is to always buy
the same players the same type of player
it's cheap players between lille
and 5000 credit so it's technical
is actually buying these players
there and resell them by applying a
classic gold contract plus a style this
possible to buy directly
the excellent one style which is a lot
and after you go to 1500
profit credit over price
purchase
I'll explain if now you buy
for example we will take a contract or
because I'm above
they were buying want hao or to say 1500
crisis it's not I do not know I
do not know his loan now it's
a single example 5500 creed so you
buy this price there the bastide
there is nothing so we will say that you
put a classic gold contract that costs
we are going to say 200 credit so that's the price
purchase 1700 credit plus one more style
we'll say something about the pillar defenders
or sentinel month just like that where that
will mean that you have 500 for
consumables so that makes you have
bought let's say your contract august
2000 credit then you will calculate
the tax there is that is 5% of course
you will add more 1500 to this price
so we'll say we'll put our
trahot corner around 3700 3800
and you will see that he is going to leave in
the header not necessarily in the five
minutes away from there he's going to leave in
some reminders well not to be
no longer impatient in front of all these
players even though it's a quality but
must be patient must not be
want his share that a suite must
still some time after
do not forget that there is a bit of luck
in the resale purchase repeats it often
because that's the case so here you are
have understood the technique
just buy players from this
type there is a player that I put you
the tooth in the list a little list
with da bpm beyond the bundesliga of the
seria and the bbva so here I am you
heat up, I'll give you this list
behind my little background in pictures as
you can see all this for all
those who ask me lists etc
after maybe I 'll make lists
on twitter also but that's for the
not bad who asked me in the
next episode just to do that
so here I propose you directly
that's really the technique of
base to start buying resale for
those who do not have a lot of credit
it's the millionaire technique
the technique the tech before more
so of course I will put the link of the
video paws in description
regarding this technique the art that
those who have more questions at this
about it it's a very technical
easy and that works very well for
players who do not have a lot of
credit and I advise you to do these
techniques there to have a good base
credit to be able to then make a
technique that I will talk about in the
next episode most definitely a
technique that works even better
sure plus you have credit to my shots that
you are going to make a profit has yielded my
class and not understood
and understand so of course I you
really advise to buy these players
there finally to make the purchase resale
with the players that I propose to you
in this little list it's like
it's going to be players who are there
Popular
they are sought after in the market for
make teams etc etc hours that
people buy because that I
you advise them so here I am you
advise to do latter case either
the technique makes millionaire
on these players it's fine
market do not worry just have to
to raise to a maximum of times each
euro as much as possible and you will see
that it 's really going to work it makes us
his suite until you have a
good credit base we what is that
I call a good credit base a
bump to a good credit base sorry
for me it's about 200 250 miles
credit for really good power
start the top technique that
of course will bring you more money
but what I really wanted
once say it's trying to fill
his stack of 30 elements is better to have
thirty players not very expensive in the
stack that to have five a little more
expensive in the pile because you're going
sell inevitably less players less
quickly if you have five that if
you have 36 movement
mathematics guys that's just that at
understand
so I would definitely suggest up
there who have a hundred thousand credit they want
directly made related keyboard finally
I do not want to dwell on this subject
I'll talk about it in the next video
but we must not rush into the
head planes if you're not telling me
insiders we can say that like that
correctly because after that if not you
go do anything you go
lose credit so better
expect to have a good foundation of
credit as said and then you will see
after that it'll be pretty easy
just it's going to be it's going to be very
simple and then so here I hope that
this technique is going to help you to
those who do not have a lot of credit
because after I know she has who have
a lot of critics are not going
to be happy that it was so the pass
what there they already know her
almost everyone knows her but
that was really to show to
those who do not know how to let go
before he can do it all
just the basic technique for there
to arrive you start to make some
credits that's this one so I would put
of course the video link paws in
the description
so I hope you enjoyed the video
friends we normally meet on Sunday
for episode 5 6 say no nonsense of
2.7 and this series there I hope it
please feel free to like
it's really fun decently
I like this series of resale purchase
because my goal is still to
help you know it and then I'll you
found quickly as usual
Guys it was heckling take care of yourself
beat the mans go guys sorry
I just have a little message to make
to pass is that currently I am in
train
I started a faq so a fair
questions so with the hashtag hype
faq on twitter so if you have a
question to ask me it's about me
on youtube etc. on the charming you
do not hesitate you go on twitter
you put the hashtag clopine faq you
ask your question and I will answer it in
video with my cousin in leaves his
sap orders paris because here it is
there are not many people that and
I planned to do that friends so
here it was just a little word of end
we find ourselves very quickly take only one word
had closed foot is going to be the world